be – “Will you be my friend?”
and – “You and I will always be friends.”
of – “Today is the first of November.”
a – “I saw a bear today.”
in – “She is in her room.”
to – “Let’s go to the park.”
have – “I have a few questions.”
too – “I like her too.”
it – “It is sunny outside.”
I – “I really like it here.”
that – “That door is open.”
for – “This letter is for you.”
you – “You are really nice.”
he – “He is my brother.”
with – “I want to go with you.”
on – “I watch movies on my iPad.”
do – “What will you do now?”
say – “Can I say something?”
this – “This is my favorite cookie.”
they – “They are here!”
at – “Can you pick me up at the mall?”
but – “I’m sorry but she’s away.”
we – “We are going to watch a movie.”
his – “This is his box.”
from – “This card came from my cousin.”
that – “That’s a really cool trick!”
not – “That’s not what I want.”
can’t – “I can’t open it.”
won’t – “I won’t open it.”
by – “Will you come by and see me?”
she – “She is very happy.”
or – “Do you like blue or yellow?”
as – “Her role as an English teacher is very important.”
what – “What are you thinking of?”
go – “I want to go there.”
their – “This is their house.”
can – “What can I do for you?”
who – “Who can help me?”
get – “Can you get me my eyeglasses?”
if – “What if I fail?”
would – “Would you help me out?”
her – “I have her book.”
all – “All my favorite books are on this shelf.”
my – “My mom is coming to visit.”
make – “Can we make our projects together?”
about – “What is this movie about?”
know – “Do you know where this place is?”
will – “I will help you find that place.”
as – “As soon as she’s here, I’ll talk to her.”
up – “I live up in the mountains.”
one – “She is one of my English teachers.”
time – “There was a time I liked to play golf.”
there – “There are so many things I want to learn.”
year – “This is the year I’m finally going to learn English.”
so – “I am so sorry.”
think – “I think I need to lie down.”
when – “When will I see you again?”
which – “Which of these slippers are yours?”
them – “Please give this to them.”
some – “Please give them some of the apples I brought home.”
me – “Can you give me some apples?”
people – “There are so many people at the mall today.”
take – “Please take home some of these apples”
out – “Please throw the trash out.”
into – “My puppy ran into the woods.”
just – “Just close your eyes.”
see – “Did you see that?”
him – “I heard him singing earlier.”
your – “Your mom is here.”
come – “Can your mom and dad come to the party?”
could – “Could you help me with my project?”
now – “I want to watch this now.”
than – “I like this cake better than the other one you showed me.”
like – “I like this bag better than the other one you showed me.”
other – “I like these shoes better than the other ones you showed me.”
how – “How do I turn this on?”
then – “We had breakfast and then we went to church.”
its – “I need to read its manual.”
our – “This is our home now.”
two – “Two cheeseburgers, please.”
more – “Can I have some more milk shake?”
these – “Do you like these ribbons?”
want – “Do you want these ribbons?”
way – “Can you look this way?”
look – “Please look this way.”
first – “She was my very first teacher.”
also – “She was also my best friend.”
new – “I have new shoes.”
because – “I am crying because I’m sad.”
day – “Today is National Friendship day.”
more – “I have more stickers at home.”
use – “How do I use this?”
no – “There’s no electricity now.”
man – “There’s a man outside looking for you.”
find – “Where can I find rare furniture?”
here – “My mom is here.”
thing – “One thing led to another.”
give – “Give her these pearls.”
many – “We shared many dreams together.”
well – “You know me so well.”
only – “You are my only friend here.”
those – “Those boots belong to my friend.”
tell – “Can you tell me which way to go?”
one – “She’s the one he’s been waiting for.”
very – “I’m very upset right now.”
her – “Her grandmother is sick.”
even – “She can’t even stand on her own.”
back – “I’ll be right back.”
any – “Have you had any luck on your research?”
good – “You’re a good person.”
woman – “That woman looks so polished.”
through – “Your faith will see you through tough times.”
us – “Do you want to go with us?”
life – “This is the best day of my life.”
child – “I just saw a child cross the street by herself.”
there – “Did you go there?”
work – “I have to go to work.”
down – “Let’s go down.”
may – “You may take your seats.”
after – “Let’s have dinner after work.”
should – “Should I buy this dress?”
call – “Call me when you get home, okay?”
world – “I want to travel and see the world.”
over – “I can’t wait for this day to be over.”
school – “My cousin goes to school here.”
still – “I still think you should go.”
try – “Can you try to be nicer to him?”
in – “What’s in that box?”
as – “As soon as I get home, I’m going to start watching that series.”
last – “This is my last slice of cake, I promise!”
ask – “Can you ask the waiter to bring us some wine?”
need – “I need some wine tonight!”
too – “I need some wine, too!”
feel – “I feel so tired, I just need to relax and unwind.”
three – “I have three sisters.”
when – “When was the last time you saw them?”
state – “Check out the state of that shed, it’s falling apart.”
never – “I’m never going to drink wine again.”
become – “Over the years we’ve become really close.”
between – “This is just between you and me.”
high – “Give me a high five!”
really – “I really like your painting!”
something – “I have something for you.”
most – “She’s the most beautiful girl I’ve ever seen.”
another – “I’ll have another glass of wine, please.”
much – “I love you guys so much.”
family – “You are like family to me.”
own – “I want to get my own place.”
out – “Get out of my room.”
leave – “I want you to leave.”
put – “Please put down that book and listen to me.”
old – “I feel so old!”
while – “I can wait for you here while you shop.”
mean – “I didn’t mean to sound so angry.”
on – “Can you turn on the lights?”
keep – “Can we keep the lights on tonight?”
student – “I’ve always been a diligent student.”
why – “This is why I don’t go out anymore.”
let – “Why won’t you let him know how you feel?”
great – “This ice cream place is great for families with kids!”
same – “Hey, we’re wearing the same shirt!”
big – “I have this big crush on Brad Pitt.”
group – “The group sitting across our table is so noisy.”
begin – “Where do I begin with this huge project?”
seem – “She may seem quiet, but she’s really outgoing once you get to know her.”
country – “Japan is such a beautiful country!”
help – “I need help with my Math homework.”
talk – “Can we talk in private?”
where – “Where were you last night?”
turn – “If only I could turn back time.”
problem – “The problem is we think we have plenty of time.”
every – “Every person has his own big goal to fulfill.”
start – “This is a great to start to learn the English language.”
hand – “Don’t let go of my hand.”
might – “This might actually work.”
American – “The American culture is so dynamic.”
show – “Can you show me how to use this vacuum cleaner?”
part – “This is my favorite part of the movie!”
about – “What is the story about?”
against – “I am so against domestic abuse!”
place – “This place is wonderful!”
over – “She kept saying this over and over again.”
such – “He is such an annoying person.”
again – “Can we play that game again?”
few – “Just a few more errands and I’m done!”
case – “What an interesting case you are working on now!”
most – “That’s the most interesting story I’ve ever heard.”
week – “I had a rough week.”
company – “Will you keep me company?”
where – “Where are we going?”
system – “What’s wrong with the airport’s system?”
each – “Can you give each of them an apple?”
right – “I’m right this time.”
program – “This community program for teens is really helpful.”
hear – “Did you hear that?”
so – “I’m so sleepy.”
question – “I have a question for you.”
during – “During the session, I saw him fall asleep.”
work – “I have to work this weekend.”
play – “We can play soccer next weekend instead.”
government – “I hope the government does something about the poverty in this country.”
run – “If you see a bear here, run for your life.”
small – “I have a small favor to ask you.”
number – “I have a number of favors to ask you.”
off – “Please turn off the television.”
always – “I always bring pepper spray with me.”
move – “Let’s move on to the next tourist spot.”
like – “I really like you.”
night – “The night is young.”
live – “I’m going to live like there’s no tomorrow.”
Mr. – “Mr. Morris is here.”
point – “You have a point.”
believe – “I believe in you.”
hold – “Just hold my hand.”
today – “I’m going to see you today.”
bring – “Please bring a pen.”
happen – “What will happen if you don’t submit your report on time?”
next – “This is the next best thing.”
without – “I can’t live without my phone.”
before – “Before I go to bed I always wash my face.”
large – “There’s a large amount of data online about that topic.”
all – “That’s all I know about Dinosaurs.”
million – “I have a million questions about this book.”
must – “We must watch this movie together.”
home – “Can we go home now?”
under – “I hid it under my bed.”
water – “I filled the tub with water.”
room – “His room is at the end of the corridor.”
write – “Can you write me a prescription for this?”
mother – “His mother is a very lovely woman.”
area – “This area of this house needs to be fixed.”
national – “That virus has become a national concern.”
money – “She needs money to buy her medicine.”
story – “She shared her story to the media.”
young – “She is so young and so hopeful.”
fact – “It’s a fact: shopping can improve your mood.”
month – “It’s that time of the month!”
different – “Just because she’s different, it doesn’t mean she’s bad.”
lot – “You have a lot of explaining to do.”
right – “Turn right when you reach the corner.”
study – “Let’s study our English lessons together.
book – “Can I borrow your English book?”
eye – “She has the pink eye.”
job – “I love my job.”
word – “Describe yourself in one word.”
though – “Though you are angry now, I’m sure you will forget about this later.”
business – “His business is thriving.”
issue – “This is not an issue for me.”
side – “Whose side are you on, anyway?”
kind – “Always be kind, even to strangers.”
four – “There are four seasons in a year.”
head – “Let’s head back, it’s freezing out here.”
far – “We’ve gone too far and now we’re lost.”
black – “She has long, black hair.”
long – “She has long, brown hair.”
both – “They both love chocolate ice cream.”
little – “I have two little boys with me now.”
house – “The house is so quiet without you.”
yes – “I hope you say yes.”
after – “After all this time, he has finally learned to love.”
since – “Ever since his mom died, he has been cranky and angry at the world.”
long – “That was such a long time ago.”
provide – “Please provide me with a list of your services.”
service – “Do you have a specific dental service to treat this?”
around – “We went around the block.”
friend – “You’re a good friend.”
important – “You’re important to me.”
father – “My father is so important to me.”
sit – “Let’s sit outside together.”
away – “He’s away right now.”
until – “Until when will you be away?”
power – “With great power comes great responsibility.”
hour – “I’ve been checking his temperature every hour.”
game – “Let’s play a game.”
often – “I buy from his bakery as often as I can.”
yet – “He’s not yet home.”
line – “There’s a long line at the grocery cashier.”
political – “I stay away from political discussions.”
end – “It’s the end of an era.”
among – “Among all my pets, he’s my most favorite.”
ever – “Have you ever tried this cake?”
stand – “Can you stand still for a minute?”
bad – “What you did was so bad.”
lose – “I can’t lose you.”
however – “I want to buy this bag, however, I need to save up for it first.”
member – “She’s a member of the babysitter’s club.”
pay – “Let’s pay for our groceries.”
law – “There’s a law against jay-walking.”
meet – “I want you to meet my aunt.”
car – “Let’s go inside my car.”
city – “This is the city that never sleeps.”
almost – “I’m almost done with my report.”
include – “Did you remember to include the summary in your report?”
continue – “Can we continue working tomorrow?”
set – “Great, let me set an appointment for you.”
later – “I’ll finish it later.”
community – “Our community is very tight knit.”
much – “There’s so much to learn in the English language.”
name – “What’s your name?”
five – “I can give you five reasons why you need to watch that video.”
once – “I once had a puppy named Bark.”
white – “I love my white sneakers.”
least – “She’s the least productive among all the employees.”
president  – “She was our class president back in high school.”
learn – “I’d love to learn more about the English language.”
real – “What is her real name?”
change – “What can we change so that things will get better?”
team – “They hired a team to do the design of their new office.”
minute – “She’s laughing every minute of every day.”
best – “This is the best potato salad I’ve ever tasted.”
several – “I have several old clothes I need to donate.”
idea – “It was your idea to go to the beach, remember?”
kid – “I loved that toy when I was a kid.”
body – “She worked out hard to achieve a toned body.”
information – “This is the information I need.”
nothing – “There’s nothing we can do now. “
ago – “Three years ago, I visited Japan for the first time.”
right – “You’re right, I want to go back there.”
lead – “Just lead the way and I’ll follow.”
social – “I feel awkward in these social gatherings.”
understand – “I understand how you feel.”
whether – “Whether in big groups or small groups, I always feel a little shy at first.”
back – “Looking back, I knew I was always an introvert.”
watch – “Let’s watch the sun set on the horizon.”
together – “They’re together now.”
follow – “I’ll follow you home.”
around – “You’ll always have me around.”
parent – “Every parent is trying hard and doing their best.”
only – “You are only allowed to go out today.”
stop – “Please stop that.”
face – “Why is your face so red?”
anything – “You can ask me for anything.”
create – “Did you create that presentation? It was so good.”
public – “This is public property.”
already –  “I already asked him to resend his report.”
speak – “Could you speak a little louder?”
others – “The others haven’t arrived yet.”
read – “I read somewhere that this house is haunted.”
level – “What level are you in that game?”
allow – “Do you allow your kids to play outside the house?”
add – “Is it okay if we add a bit of sugar to the tea?”
office – “Welcome to my office.”
spend – “How much did you spend on your last shopping spree?”
door – “You left the door open.”
health – “You must take good care of your health.”
person – “You are a good person.”
art – “This is my work of art.”
sure – “Are you sure you want to do this alone?”
such – “You are such a brave little boy.”
war – “The war has finally ended.”
history – “She is my history professor.”
party – “Are you going to her party tonight?”
within – “We support everyone within our small community.”
grow – “We want everyone to grow and thrive in their careers.”
result – “The result of this outreach program is amazing.”
open – “Are you open to teaching on weekends?”
change – “Where can we change her diaper?”
morning – “It’s such a beautiful morning!”
walk – “Come take a walk with me.”
reason – “You are the reason I came home.”
low – “Her blood pressure has gotten really low.”
win – “We can win this match if we work together.”
research – “How is your research going?”
girl – “That girl is in my class.”
guy – “I’ve seen that guy in school before.”
early – “I come to work so early every day.”
food – “Let’s buy some food, I’m hungry!”
before – “Can I talk to you before you go home?”
moment – “The moment she walked in the room, her puppy started to jump and dance again.”
himself – “He cooked this Turkey himself.”
air – “I am loving the cold night air here.”
teacher – “You are the best teacher ever.”
force – “Don’t force him to play with other kids.”
offer – “Can I offer you a ride home?”
enough – “Boys, that’s enough playing for today.”
both – “You both need to change into your sleep clothes now.”
education – “I just want you to get the best education.”
across – “Your dog ran across the park.”
although – “Although she felt tired, she still couldn’t sleep.”
remember – “Do you think she will still remember me after ten years?”
foot – “Her foot got caught in one of the ropes.”
second – “This is the second time she got late this month.”
boy – “There’s a boy in her class who keeps pulling her hair.”
maybe – “Maybe we can have ice cream for dessert.”
toward – “He took a step toward her.”
able – “Will you be able to send me your report today?”
age – “What is the average marrying age these days?”
off – “The cat ran off with the dog.”
policy – “They have a generous return policy.”
everything – “Everything is on sale.”
love – “I love what you’re wearing!”
process – “Wait, give me time to process everything you’re telling me.”
music – “I love music.”
including – “Around 20 people attended, including Bob and Beth.”
consider – “I hope you consider my project proposal.”
appear – “How did that appear out of nowhere?”
actually – “I’m actually just heading out.”
buy – “I’m going to buy these shoes.”
probably – “He’s probably still asleep.”
human – “Give him a break, he is only human.”
wait – “Is it alright if you wait for a few minutes?”
serve – “This blow dryer has served me well for years.”
market – “Let’s visit the Sunday market.”
die – “I don’t want my cat to die, let’s take him to the vet please.”
send – “Please send the package to my address.”
expect – “You can’t expect much from their poor service.”
home – “I can’t wait to go home!”
sense – “I did sense that something was not okay.”
build – “He is going to build his dream house.”
stay – “You can stay with me for a few weeks.”
fall – “Be careful, you might fall.”
oh – “Oh no, I left my phone at home!”
nation – “We have to act as one nation.”
plan – “What’s your plan this time?”
cut – “Don’t cut your hair.”
college – “We met in college.”
interest – “Music is an interest of mine.”
death – “Death is such a heavy topic for me.”
course – “What course did you take up in college?”
someone – “Is there someone who can go with you?”
experience – “What an exciting experience!”
behind – “I’m scared to check what’s behind that door.”
reach – “I can’t reach him, he won’t answer his phone.”
local – “This is a local business.”
kill – “Smoking can kill you.”
six – “I have six books about Psychology.”
remain – “These remain on the top shelf.”
effect – “Wow, the effect of that mascara is great!”
use – “Can I use your phone?”
yeah – “Yeah, he did call me earlier.”
suggest – “He did suggest that to me.”
class – “We were in the same English class.”
control – “Where’s the remote control?”
raise – “It’s so challenging to discipline kids these days.”
care – “I don’t care about what you think.”
perhaps – “Perhaps we can arrive at a compromise.”
little – “There’s a little bird outside my window.”
late – “I am running late for my doctor’s appointment.”
hard – “That test was so hard.”
field – “He’s over there, by the soccer field.”
else – “Is anyone else coming?”
pass – “Can we pass by the grocery store?”
former – “She was my former housemate.”
sell – “We can sell your old couch online.”
major – “It’s a major issue for the project.”
sometimes – “Sometimes I forget to turn off the porch lights.”
require – “They’ll require you to show your I.D.”
along – “Can I tag along your road trip?”
development – “This news development is really interesting.”
themselves – “They can take care of themselves.”
report – “I read her report and it was great!”
role – “She’s going to play the role of Elsa.”
better – “Your singing has gotten so much better!”
economic – “Some countries are facing an economic crisis.”
effort – “The government must make an effort to solve this.”
up – “His grades have gone up.”
decide – “Please decide where to eat.”
rate – “How would you rate the hotel’s service?”
strong – “They have strong customer service here!”
possible – “Maybe it’s possible to change their bathroom amenities.”
heart – “My heart is so full.”
drug – “She got the patent for the drug she has created to cure cancer.”
show – “Can you show me how to solve this puzzle?”
leader – “You are a wonderful leader.”
light – “Watch her face light up when you mention his name.”
voice – “Hearing his mom’s voice is all he need right now.”
wife – “My wife is away for the weekend.”
whole – “I have the whole house to myself.”
police – “The police have questioned him about the incident.”
mind – “This relaxation technique really eases my mind.”
finally – “I can finally move out from my old apartment.”
pull – “My baby niece likes to pull my hair.”
return – “I give her tickles in return.”
free – “The best things in life are free.”
military – “His dad is in the military.”
price – “This is the price you pay for lying.”
report – “Did you report this to the police?”
less – “I am praying for less stress this coming new year.”
according – “According to the weather report, it’s going to rain today.”
decision – “This is a big decision for me.”
explain – “I’ll explain everything later, I promise.”
son – “His son is so cute!”
hope – “I hope I’ll have a son one day.”
even – “Even if they’ve broken up, they still remain friends.”
develop – “That rash could develop into something more serious.”
view – “This view is amazing!”
relationship – “They’ve taken their relationship to the next level.”
carry – “Can you carry my bag for me?”
town – “This town is extremely quiet.”
road – “There’s a road that leads to the edge of the woods.”
drive – “You can’t drive there, you need to walk.”
arm – “He broke his arm during practice.”
true – “It’s true, I’m leaving the company.”
federal – “Animal abuse is now a federal felony!”
break – “Don’t break the law.”
better – “You better learn how to follow rules.”
difference – “What’s the difference between happiness and contentment?”
thank – “I forgot to thank her for the pie she sent us.”
receive – “Did you receive the pie I sent you?”
value – “I value our friendship so much.”
international  – “Their brand has gone international!”
building – “This building is so tall!”
action – “You next action is going to be critical.”
full – “My work load is so full now.”
model – “A great leader is a great model of how to do things.”
join – “He wants to join the soccer team.”
season – “Christmas is my favorite season!”
society – “Their society is holding a fund raiser.”
because – “I’m going home because my mom needs me.”
tax – “How much is the current income tax?”
director – “The director yelled ‘Cut!'”
early – “I’m too early for my appointment.”
position  – “Please position your hand properly when drawing.”
player – “That basketball player is cute.”
agree – “I agree! He is cute!”
especially – “I especially like his blue eyes.”
record  – “Can we record the minutes of this meeting, please?”
pick – “Did you pick a color theme already?”
wear  – “Is that what you’re going to wear for the party?”
paper – “You can use a special paper for your invitations.”
special – “Some special paper are even scented!”
space – “Please leave some space to write down your phone number.”
ground  – “The ground is shaking.”
form – “A new island was formed after that big earthquake.”
support  – “I need your support for this project.”
event – “We’re holding a big event tonight.”
official – “Our official wedding photos are out!”
whose  – “Whose umbrella is this?”
matter – “What does it matter anyway?”
everyone  – “Everyone thinks I stole that file.”
center – “I hate being the center of attention.”
couple – “The couple is on their honeymoon now.”
site – “This site is so big!”
end – “It’s the end of an era.”
project – “This project file is due tomorrow.”
hit  – “He hit the burglar with a bat.”
base – “All moms are their child’s home base.”
activity – “What musical activity can you suggest for my toddler?”
star – “My son can draw a star!”
table  – “I saw him draw it while he was writing on the table.”
need  – “I need to enroll him to a good preschool.”
court – “There’s a basketball court near our house.”
produce  – “Fresh farm produce is the best.”
eat – “I could eat that all day.”
American – “My sister is dating an American.”
teach – “I love to teach English lessons.”
oil  – “Could you buy me some cooking oil at the store?”
half – “Just half a liter please.”
situation – “The situation is getting out of hand.”
easy – “I thought you said this was going to be easy?”
cost – “The cost of fuel has increased!”
industry – “The fuel industry is hiking prices.”
figure – “Will our government figure out how to fix this problem?”
face  – “I can’t bear to face this horrendous traffic again and again.”
street  – “Let’s cross the street.”
image – “There’s an image of him stored inside my mind.”
itself  – “The bike itself is pretty awesome.”
phone  – “Plus, it has a phone holder.”
either – “I either walk or commute to work.”
data – “How can we simplify this data?”
cover  – “Could you cover for me during emergencies?”
quite – “I’m quite satisfied with their work.”
picture  – “Picture this: a lake, a cabin, and lots of peace and quiet.
clear – “That picture is so clear inside my head.”
practice – “Let’s practice our dance number.”
piece – “That’s a piece of cake!”
land – “Their plane is going to land soon.”
recent – “This is her most recent social media post.”
describe – “Describe yourself in one word.”
product – “This is my favorite product in their new line of cosmetics.”
doctor – “The doctor is in.”
wall – “Can you post this up on the wall?”
patient  – “The patient is in so much pain now.”
worker – “She’s a factory worker.”
news  – “I saw that on the news.”
test – “I have to pass this English test.”
movie – “Let’s watch a movie later.”
certain  – “There’s a certain kind of magic in the air now.”
north – “Santa lives up north.”
love – ” l love Christmas!”
personal  – “This letter is very personal.”
open – “Why did you open and read it?”
support – “Will you support him?”
simply – “I simply won’t tolerate bad behavior.”
third – “This is the third time you’ve lied to me.”
technology – “Write about the advantages of technology.”
catch – “Let’s catch up soon, please!”
step – “Watch your step.”
baby – “Her baby is so adorable.”
computer – “Can you turn on the computer, please?”
type  – “You need to type in your password.”
attention – “Can I have your attention, please?”
draw – “Can you draw this for me?”
film – “That film is absolutely mind-blowing.”
Republican – “He is a Republican candidate.”
tree – “That tree has been there for generations.”
source – “You are my source of strength.”
red – “I’ll wear a red dress tonight.”
nearly – “He nearly died in that accident!”
organization – “Their organization is doing great things for street kids.”
choose – “Let me choose a color.”
cause – “We have to see the cause and effect of this experiment.”
hair – “I’ll cut my hair short for a change.”
look – “Can you look at the items I bought?”
point  “What is the point of all this?
century – “We’re living in the 21st century, Mary.”
evidence – “The evidence clearly shows that he is guilty.”
window  – “I’ll buy window curtains next week.”
difficult  “Sometimes, life can be difficult.”
listen – “You have to listen to your teacher.”
soon  – “I will launch my course soon.”
culture  – “I hope they understand our culture better.”
billion  – “My target is to have 1 billion dollars in my account by the end of the year.”
chance – “Is there any chance that you can do this for me?”
brother – “My brother always have my back.”
energy  –  “Now put that energy into walking.”
period – “They covered a period of twenty years.”
course  – “Have seen my course already?”
summer – “I’ll go to the beach in summer.”
less – “Sometimes, less is more.”
realize – “I just realize that I have a meeting today.”
hundred – “I have a hundred dollars that I can lend you.”
available – “I am available to work on your project.”
plant – “Plant a seed.”
likely – “It was likely a deer trail.”
opportunity – “It was the perfect opportunity to test her theory.”
term  – “I’m sure there’s a Latin term for it.”
short  – “It was just a short stay at the hotel.”
letter – “I already passed my letter of intent.”
condition – “Do you know the condition I am in?”
choice – “I have no choice.”
place – “Let’s meet out at meeting place.”
single – “I am a single parent.”
rule – “It’s the rule of the law.”
daughter – “My daughter knows how to read now.”
administration – “I will take this up with the administration.”
south – “I am headed south.”
husband – “My husband just bought me a ring for my birthday.”
Congress – “It will be debated at the Congress.”
floor – “She is our floor manager.”
campaign – “I handled their election campaign.”
material – “She had nothing material to report.”
population – “The population of the nearest big city was growing.”
well – “I wish you well.”
call – ” I am going to call the bank.”
economy – “The economy is booming.”
medical -“She needs medical assistance.”
hospital – “I’ll take her to the nearest hospital.”
church  – “I saw you in church last Sunday.”
close -“Please close the door.”
thousand – “There are a thousand reasons to learn English!”
risk – “Taking a risk can be rewarding.”
current – “What is your current address?”
fire – “Make sure your smoke alarm works in case of fire.”
future  -“The future is full of hope.”
wrong – “That is the wrong answer.”
involve – “We need to involve the police.”
defense – “What is your defense or reason you did this?”
anyone – “Does anyone know the answer?”
increase – “Let’s increase your test score.”
security – “Some apartment buildings have security.”
bank – “I need to go to the bank to withdraw some money.”
myself – “I can clean up by myself.”
certainly – “I can certainly help clean up.”
west – “If you drive West, you will arrive in California.”
sport – “My favorite sport is soccer.”
board – “Can you see the board?”
seek – “Seek and you will find.”
per – “Lobster is $20 per pound.”
subject – “My favorite subject is English!”
officer – “Where can I find a police officer?”
private – “This is a private party.”
rest – “Let’s take a 15 minute rest.”
behavior – “This dog’s behavior is excellent.”
deal – “A used car can be a good deal.”
performance – “Your performance can be affected by your sleep.”
fight – “I don’t want to fight with you.”
throw – “Throw me the ball!”
top – “You are a top student.”
quickly – “Let’s finish reading this quickly.”
past – “In the past, my English was not as good as it is today.”
goal – “My goal is to speak English fluently.”
second – “My second goal is to increase my confidence.”
bed – “I go to bed around 10pm.”
order – “I would like to order a book.”
author – “The author of this series is world-famous.”
fill – “I need to fill (up) my gas tank.”
represent – “I represent my family.”
focus – “Turn off your phone and the TV and focus on your studies!”
foreign – “It’s great having foreign friends.”
drop – “Please don’t drop the eggs!”
plan – “Let’s make a plan.”
blood – “The hospital needs people to give blood.”
upon – “Once upon a time, a princess lived in a castle.”
agency – “Let’s contract an agency to help with marketing.”
push – “The door says ‘push,’ not ‘pull.'”
nature – “I love walking in nature!”
color – “My favorite color is blue.”
no – “‘No’ is one of the shortest complete sentences.”
recently – “I cleaned the bathroom most recently, so I think it’s your turn this time.”
store – “I’m going to the store to buy some bread.”
reduce – “Reduce, reuse, and recycle are the ways to help the environment.”
sound – “I like the sound of wind chimes.”
note – “Please take notes during the lesson.”
fine – “I feel fine.”
before – “Before the movie, let’s buy popcorn!”
near – “Near, far, wherever you are, I do believe that the heart goes on.”
movement – “The environmental movement is an international movement.”
page – “Please turn to page 62.”
enter – “You can enter the building on the left.”
share – “Let me share my idea.”
than – “Ice cream has more calories than water.”
common – “Most people can find something in common with each other.”
poor – “We had a poor harvest this year because it was so dry.”
other  – “This pen doesn’t work, try the other one.”
natural – “This cleaner is natural, there aren’t any chemicals in it.”
race – “We watched the car race on TV.”
concern – “Thank you for your concern, but I’m fine.”
series – “What is your favorite TV series?”
significant – “His job earns a significant amount of money.”
similar – “These earrings don’t match, but they are similar.”
hot – “Don’t touch the stove, it’s still hot.”
language – “Learning a new language is fun.”
each – “Put a flower in each vase.”
usually – “I usually shop at the corner store.”
response – “I didn’t expect his response to come so soon.”
dead – “My phone is dead, let me charge it.”
rise – “The sun will rise at 7:00 a.m.”
animal – “What kind of animal is that?”
factor – “Heredity is a factor in your overall health.”
decade – “I’ve lived in this city for over a decade.”
article – “Did you read that newspaper article?”
shoot – “He wants to shoot arrows at the target.”
east – “Drive east for three miles.”
save – “I save all my cans for recycling.”
seven – “There are seven slices of pie left.”
artist – “Taylor Swift is a recording artist.”
away – “I wish that mosquito would go away.”
scene – “He painted a colorful street scene.”
stock – “That shop has a good stock of postcards.”
career – “Retail sales is a good career for some people.”
despite – “Despite the rain, we will still have the picnic.”
central – “There is good shopping in central London.”
eight – “That recipe takes eight cups of flour.”
thus – “We haven’t had any problems thus far.”
treatment – “I will propose a treatment plan for your injury.”
beyond – “The town is just beyond those mountains.”
happy – “Kittens make me happy.”
exactly – “Use exactly one teaspoon of salt in that recipe.”
protect – “A coat will protect you from the cold weather.”
approach – “The cat slowly approached the bird.”
lie – “Teach your children not to lie.”
size – “What size is that shirt?
dog – “Do you think a dog is a good pet?”
fund – “I have a savings fund for college.”
serious – “She is so serious, she never laughs.”
occur – “Strange things occur in that empty house.”
media – “That issue has been discussed in the media.”
ready – “Are you ready to leave for work?”
sign – “That store needs a bigger sign.”
thought – “I’ll have to give it some thought.”
list – “I made a list of things to do.”
individual – “You can buy an individual or group membership.”
simple – “The appliance comes with simple instructions.”
quality – “I paid a little more for quality shoes.”
pressure – “There is no pressure to finish right now.”
accept – “Will you accept my credit card?”
answer – “Give me your answer by noon tomorrow.”
hard – “That test was very hard.”
resource – “The library has many online resources.”
identify – “I can’t identify that plant.”
left – “The door is on your left as you approach.”
meeting – “We’ll have a staff meeting after lunch.”
determine – “Eye color is genetically determined.”
prepare – “I’ll prepare breakfast tomorrow.”
disease – “Face masks help prevent disease.”
whatever – “Choose whatever flavor you like the best.”
success – “Failure is the back door to success.”
argue – “It’s not a good idea to argue with your boss.”
cup – “Would you like a cup of coffee?”
particularly – “It’s not particularly hot outside, just warm.”
amount – “It take a large amount of food to feed an elephant.”
ability – “He has the ability to explain things well.”
staff – “There are five people on staff here.”
recognize – “Do you recognize the person in this photo?”
indicate – “Her reply indicated that she understood.”
character – “You can trust people of good character.”
growth – “The company has seen strong growth this quarter.”
loss – “The farmer suffered heavy losses after the storm.”
degree – “Set the oven to 300 degrees.”
wonder – “I wonder if the Bulls will win the game.”
attack – “The army will attack at dawn.”
herself – “She bought herself a new coat.”
region – “What internet services are in your region?”
television – “I don’t watch much television.”
box – “I packed my dishes in a strong box.”
TV – “There is a good movie on TV tonight.”
training – “The company will pay for your training.”
pretty – “That is a pretty dress.”
trade – “The stock market traded lower today.”
deal – “I got a good deal at the store.”
election – “Who do you think will win the election?”
everybody – “Everybody likes ice cream.”
physical – “Keep a physical distance of six feet.”
lay – “Lay the baby in her crib, please.”
general – “My general impression of the restaurant was good.”
feeling – “I have a good feeling about this.”
standard – “The standard fee is $10.00.”
bill – “The electrician will send me a bill.”
message – “You have a text message on your phone.”
fail – “I fail to see what is so funny about that.”
outside – “The cat goes outside sometimes.”
arrive – “When will your plane arrive?”
analysis – “I’ll give you my analysis when I’ve seen everything.”
benefit – “There are many health benefits to quinoa.”
name – “What’s your name?”
sex – “Do you know the sex of your baby yet?”
forward – “Move the car forward a few feet.”
lawyer – “My lawyer helped me write a will.”
present – “If everyone is present, the meeting can begin.”
section – “What section of the stadium are you sitting in?”
environmental – “Environmental issues are in the news.”
glass – “Glass is much heavier than plastic.”
answer – “Could you answer a question for me?”
skill – “His best skill is woodworking.”
sister – “My sister lives close to me.”
PM – “The movie starts at 7:30 PM.”
professor – “Dr. Smith is my favorite professor.”
operation – “The mining operation employs thousands of people.”
financial – “I keep my accounts at my financial institution.”
crime – “The police fight crime.”
stage – “A caterpillar is the larval stage of a butterfly.”
ok – “Would it be ok to eat out tonight?”
compare – “We should compare cars before we buy one.”
authority – “City authorities make the local laws.”
miss – “I miss you, when will I see you again?”
design – “We need to design a new logo.”
sort – “Let’s sort these beads according to color.”
one – “I only have one cat.”
act – “I’ll act on your information today.”
ten – “The baby counted her ten toes.”
knowledge – “Do you have the knowledge to fix that?”
gun – “Gun ownership is a controversial topic.”
station – “There is a train station close to my house.”
blue – “My favorite color is blue.”
state – “After the accident I was in a state of shock.”
strategy – “Our new corporate strategy is written here.”
little – “I prefer little cars.”
clearly – “The instructions were clearly written.”
discuss – “We’ll discuss that at the meeting.”
indeed – “Your mother does indeed have hearing loss.”
force – “It takes a lot of force to open that door.”
truth – “Please tell me the truth.”
song – “That’s a beautiful song.”
example – “I need an example of that grammar point, please.”
democratic – “Does Australia have a democratic government?”
check – “Please check my work to be sure it’s correct.”
environment – “We live in a healthy environment.”
leg – “The boy broke his leg.”
dark – “Turn on the light, it’s dark in here.”
public – “Masks must be worn in public places.”
various – “That rug comes in various shades of gray.”
rather – “Would you rather have a hamburger than a hot dog?”
laugh – “That movie always makes me laugh.”
guess – “If you don’t know, just guess.”
executive – “The company’s executives are paid well.”
set – “Set the glass on the table, please.”
study – “He needs to study for the test.”
prove – “The employee proved his worth.”
hang – “Please hang your coat on the hook.”
entire – “He ate the entire meal in 10 minutes.”
rock – “There are decorative rocks in the garden.”
design – “The windows don’t open by design.”
enough – “Have you had enough coffee?”
forget – “Don’t forget to stop at the store.”
since – “She hasn’t eaten since yesterday.”
claim – “I made an insurance claim for my car accident.”
note – “Leave me a note if you’re going to be late.”
remove – “Remove the cookies from the oven.”
manager – “The manager will look at your application.”
help – “Could you help me move this table?”
close – “Close the door, please.”
sound – “The dog did not make a sound.”
enjoy – “I enjoy soda.”
network – “Band is the name of our internet network.”
legal – “The legal documents need to be signed.”
religious – “She is very religious, she attends church weekly.”
cold – “My feet are cold.”
form – “Please fill out this application form.”
final – “The divorce was final last month.”
main – “The main problem is a lack of money.”
science – “He studies health science at the university.”
green – “The grass is green.”
memory – “He has a good memory.”
card – “They sent me a card for my birthday.”
above – “Look on the shelf above the sink.”
seat – “That’s a comfortable seat.”
cell – “Your body is made of millions of cells.”
establish – “They established their business in 1942.”
nice – “That’s a very nice car.”
trial – “They are employing her on a trial basis.”
expert – “Matt is an IT expert.”
that – “Did you see that movie?”
spring – “Spring is the most beautiful season.”
firm – “Her ‘no” was very firm, she won’t change her mind.”
Democrat – “The Democrats control the Senate.”
radio – “I listen to the radio in the car.”
visit – “We visited the museum today.”
management – “That store has good management.”
care – “She cares for her mother at home.”
avoid – “You should avoid poison ivy.”
imagine – “Can you imagine if pigs could fly?”
tonight – “Would you like to go out tonight?”
huge – “That truck is huge!”
ball – “He threw the ball to the dog.”
no – “I said ‘no,’ please don’t ask again.”
close – “Close the window, please.”
finish – “Did you finish your homework?”
yourself – “You gave yourself a haircut?”
talk – “He talks a lot.”
theory – “In theory, that’s a good plan.”
impact – “The drought had a big impact on the crops.”
respond – “He hasn’t responded to my text yet.”
statement – “The police chief gave a statement to the media.”
maintain – “Exercise helps you maintain a healthy weight.”
charge – “I need to charge my phone.”
popular – “That’s a popular restaurant.”
traditional – “They serve traditional Italian food there.”
onto – “Jump onto the boat and we’ll go fishing.”
reveal – “Washing off the dirt revealed the boy’s skinned knee.”
direction – “What direction is the city from here?”
weapon – “No weapons are allowed in government buildings.”
employee – “That store only has three employees.”
cultural – “There is cultural significance to those old ruins.”
contain – “The carton contains a dozen egges.”
peace – “World leaders gathered for peace talks.”
head – “My head hurts.”
control – “Keep control of the car.”
base – “The glass has a heavy base so it won’t fall over.”
pain – “I have chest pain.”
apply – “Maria applied for the job.”
play – “The children play at the park.”
measure – “Measure twice, cut once.”
wide – “The doorway was very wide.”
shake – “Don’t shake the can of soda.”
fly – “We can fly to France next year.”
interview – “My job interview went well.”
manage – “Did you manage to find the keys?”
chair – “The table has six matching chairs.”
fish – “I don’t enjoy eating fish.”
particular – “That particular style looks good on you.”
camera – “I use the camera on my phone.”
structure – “The building’s structure is solid.”
politics – “Mitch is very active in politics.”
perform – “The singer will perform tonight.”
bit – “It rained a little bit last night.”
weight – “Keep track of your pet’s weight.”
suddenly – “The storm came up suddenly.”
discover – “You’ll discover treasures at that thrift store.”
candidate – “There are ten candidates for the position.”
top – “The flag flies on the top of that building.”
production – “Factory production has improved over the summer.”
treat – “Give yourself a treat for a job well done.”
trip – “We are taking a trip to Florida in January.”
evening – “I’m staying home this evening.”
affect – “My bank account will affect how much I can buy.”
inside – “The cat stays inside.”
conference – “There will be expert presenters at the conference.”
unit – “A foot is a unit of measure.”
best – “Those are the best glasses to buy.”
style – “My dress is out of style.”
adult – “Adults pay full price, but children are free.”
worry – “Don’t worry about tomorrow.”
range – My doctor offered me a range of options.
mention – “Can you mention me in your story?”
rather – “Rather than focusing on the bad things, let’s be grateful for the good things.”
far – “I don’t want to move far from my family.”
deep – “That poem about life is deep.”
front – “Please face front.”
edge – “Please do not stand so close to the edge of the cliff.”
individual – “These potato chips are in an individual serving size package.”
specific – “Could you be more specific?”
writer – “You are a good writer.”
trouble – “Stay out of trouble.”
necessary – “It is necessary to sleep.”
throughout – “Throughout my life I have always enjoyed reading.”
challenge – “I challenge you to do better.”
fear – “Do you have any fears?”
shoulder – “You do not have to shoulder all the work on your own.”
institution – “Have you attended any institution of higher learning?”
middle – “I am a middle child with one older brother and one younger sister.”
sea – “I want to sail the seven seas.”
dream – “I have a dream.”
bar – “A bar is a place where alcohol is served.”
beautiful – “You are beautiful.”
property – “Do you own property, like a house?”
instead – “Instead of eating cake I will have fruit.”
improve – “I am always looking for ways to improve.”
stuff – “When I moved, I realized I have a lot of stuff!”
claim – “I claim to be a fast reader, but actually I am average.”